**zkao**: meeting at 16:00 UTC, in 50 min

**h4sh3d**: Hello

**zkao**: hi there

**zkao**: im pretty tired. h4shed, how is the work on taproot schnorr going?

**kayabaNerve**: Hello

**h4sh3d**: I'm still working on adapting the protocol to taproot

**zkao**: hey kayabaNerve: we talked a bit, and were thinking about renaming job to task

**h4sh3d**: my current research are about the multisiganture scheme and the usage of the adaptor

**h4sh3d**: I re-read the papers about MuSig and MuSig2

**h4sh3d**: my current feeling is that we can use both, the difference is about the number of rounds, and we already have a lot of rounds inside the protocol, so MuSig is fine too

**kayabaNerve**: Definitely makes sense to me from a naming perspective. Sorry for not getting around to uploading that draft. Just been a busy week here, and then I got some extremely unfortunate news today.

**kayabaNerve**: h4sh3d: I wouldn't be concerned with rounds, nor complexity given we have a DL EQ proof, as long as it isn't pointless.

**h4sh3d**: oh, hope it's not too bad. no problem, we just didn't want to short circuit the job you did

**zkao**: yes, kayabaNerve do u think u will have time or energy to merge the two Job RFCS in one?

**h4sh3d**: yes, rounds are not problematic in our context IMO. so we might go for the best available implementation for now

**kayabaNerve**: \Within 24 hours from now? Yes.

**zkao**: are we ok renaming Scripted, Unscripted into Arbitrator, Accordant ?

**zkao**: and Jobs into Tasks

**zkao**: and enabled instruction into something better?

**kayabaNerve**: Sure

**h4sh3d**: yes. we just might be sure to always use Arbitrating and Accordant within the context of chain/blockchain

**kayabaNerve**: h4sh3d: What do you mean?

**h4sh3d**: those roles applied for the blockchains

**zkao**: I worked on a rust typechecked petrinet runtime environment for running the protocol, and it looks damn simple, after all

**h4sh3d**: zkao: is this that takes a petrinet description and generate the struct/func to fill and then is able to run it, or is it just the runtime?

**zkao**: its something similar to that, but more generic and local

**zkao**: hmm, its how to represent a petrinet using the linear types in rust that give away ownership

**zkao**: i mean, i would have to write a little compiler to take the petrinet descriptor and generate the traits that, when implemented, create a runtime restricted only to correct protocol executions

**zkao**: its pretty cool because if we try to do something we're not allowed, code wont compile

**h4sh3d**: i.e. you can only do the allowed transition defined in the protocol, right?

**zkao**: yep, while u r coding it :D

**h4sh3d**: great

if this is the petrinet descriptor:
```
f0: () -> T0 T1.
f1: T1 -> T2.
f2: T0 -> T3 T4.
f3: T3 T2 -> T5.
f4: T5 T4 -> ().
```

we should compile it into: 

``` rust
#[derive(Default, Debug)]
struct Empty;

trait F0<T0, T1, Tuple: From<Empty> + Into<(T0, T1)>> {}
trait F1<T1, T2: From<T1>> {}
trait F2<T0: Into<(T3, T4)>, T3, T4> {}
trait F3<T3, T2, T5: From<(T3, T2)>> {}
trait F4<T4, T5, Tuple: From<(T4, T5)> + Into<Empty>> {}
```

if now we implement these traits, we create a statically typed runtime

**h4sh3d**: for the renaming of enabled instruction: what the daemon sends to a client is very generic IMO, it can be a state update (new block notification for display maybe), a request (daemon received some protocol messages and need new signatures), etc. I don't know yet what is the best name for such generic messages

**zkao**: sure

**kayabaNerve**: No idea here, sorry

**h4sh3d**: Maybe the message itself should carry a very generic structure, extendable by design

**zkao**: There was a reddit post asking about updates on the project, and i guess we should post something before christmas.

**zkao**: i started writting something here: https://hackmd.io/9tj2fIQHS1aTlqV9CXWBkQ

**h4sh3d**: yes, next week after our meeting on Wednesday might be good

**zkao**: please edit the document at your leisure to represent your personal work

**h4sh3d**: great start, thanks

**h4sh3d**: oh, we should put a licence on the RFCs, IIRC there isn't one yet

**kayabaNerve**: Will do

**h4sh3d**: we said CC-BY-4.0 in the CCS proposal

**h4sh3d**: I think it's good for what we do here

**kayabaNerve**: Should be easy enough to add to the repo?

**zkao**: we have to create documents for missing RFCs: client api and protocol msgs

**zkao**: i will try to breakdown the architecture RFC in more RFCs

**h4sh3d**: kayabaNerve: yes feel free to do it

**h4sh3d**: I guess that's it for me. anything else?

**zkao**: i covered my points

**h4sh3d**: I'm going to continue on taproot/schnorr and the december update

**h4sh3d**: we should have the missing RFCs for next week, even if not complete. so the structure start to have its final shape

**kayabaNerve**: I'm just tracking down the license text; CC isn't polite about it

**kayabaNerve**: > Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License

**kayabaNerve**: Right?

**h4sh3d**: https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/

**kayabaNerve**: Yep

**h4sh3d**: All good. then I think we can adjourn. Thanks everyone!

**kayabaNerve**: Adios!