I've, unfortunately, been busy with my work elsewhere and will be unable to join this week's meeting, sorry.  I've been planning out the merged version of the jobs doc though, and hope to post it here today/tomorrow.

No problem. I let you go ahead on the job RFC, since Monday I've been planning an RFC for transactions structure and Schnorr and Taproot, I hope I can draft it before the meeting.

**h4sh3d**: Hi all!

**lederstrumpf**: hey!

**zkao**: hi

**zkao**: what have we been up to?

**h4sh3d**: Taproooooot!!!

**h4sh3d**: yeah

**zkao**: are you verifying the crypto, and swap-protocol changes needed for schnorr/taproot

**zkao**: ?

**h4sh3d**: This week has been quiet for me, as I used most of my time to think and plan how to use Schnorr (as in BIP 340) and more specifically Taproot instead of ECDSA and "legacy" bitcoin script

**h4sh3d**: I want to release a new RFC about the transactions and Schnorr/Taproot

**zkao**: that is really important because that blocks the protocol internals and influences design of daemon

**h4sh3d**: Yes, exactly, first we need should validate how we can make the best use of Taproot in the swap protocol, then we can finalize the daemon/client parts

**zkao**: cool, nice, looking forward

**zkao**: kayaba says hes working on on merging the 2 different syncer jobs RFC documents

**h4sh3d**: The current idea is to use taproot with the internal key as a MuSig2 + Adaptor and one TapLeaf script for the cancel/timelock part

**h4sh3d**: I think the new RFC about syncers and jobs/event is really an improvment

**zkao**: so u reveal the script to trigger the cancel path?

**zkao**: *apLeaf script

**h4sh3d**: Yes, in the worst case. But maybe it is possible to imagine using the TapTweak key in a "consensus" cancel path, but I'm not sure

**h4sh3d**: and this can be added latter as an extension to the base protocol

**zkao**: and how about the following txs with adaptors, are they internal key with adaptor as well?

**zkao**: following = the ones that consume the cancel tx output?

**h4sh3d**: The refund yes, MuSig2 + Adaptor, the punish no, just Alice's key.

**zkao**: oh, true

**h4sh3d**: But the MuSig2 + Adaptor I want to check with andytoshi when I've drafted the RFC

**zkao**: nice

**zkao**: i wrote up on the bitcoin transaction safety time-window of publishing, reasoning using relative time-locks (CSV-like), it was much easier than i expected. someone reviewing would be appreciated https://hackmd.io/Gm-hicyeTpeTM6NoTrSM0Q

**zkao**: i worked on the information flow across components (client, daemon, counterparty daemon, syncer1 and syncer2), and abstractly on how to recover protocol-state from event-logs and update protocol-state https://hackmd.io/q_olx-0jQ4C8jX9KADlFXQ

**h4sh3d**: The information flow document looks exactly to what I've in mind since we started the RFCs, great job!

**zkao**: yes, after i did the wiring diagram, it became very obvious

**andytoshi**: h4sh3d: are you aware of https://github.com/ElementsProject/scriptless-scripts/issues/23

**lederstrumpf**: > yes, after i did the wiring diagram, it became very obvious

Yes, the string diagram is great for this!

**h4sh3d**: andytoshi: Yes, I saw it during my researches this week. Thanks for pointing it.

**zkao**: andytoshi what is a wild guess for when bips 340-342 gets activated?

**h4sh3d**: IIRC it's not yet in 0.20.1

**zkao**: im asking this for practical reason -- we dont know if we should look into ecdsa adaptor signatures at all

**andytoshi**: zkao: Q4 2021 is my guess

**andytoshi**: but we mighht have it in liquid well before then, if that's any use

**andytoshi**: liquid lets you move sorta-bitcoins but it's not entirely free .. there is custody risk from the 11-of-15 federation, and also to directly move coins out of the system there is a ring-signature check that you are an authorized participant

**andytoshi**: the check is more as a safety valve than intended to gatekeep (you shouldn't be able to net-flow funds out of the system if we don't know who you are). the intention is that people will setup BTC/L-BTC swap engines that anybody can use, but idk what the status of those are

**andytoshi**: on the other hand, liquid might be an interesting target because it has CT

**h4sh3d**: Interesting. It's normal that it takes time before activating such a big change, but I'll be more than happy when Schnorr/Taproot hits Bitcoin :) because that damn ECDSA...

**andytoshi**: yeah ecdsa is the worst

**andytoshi**: in liquid we have over a million signed blocks, each with 11 separate ECDSA signatures on them

**andytoshi**: these can't be batch-validated (though with some extra witness data they could be, and i'm musing about adding a network serialization that adds this..) or aggregated or anything

**andytoshi**: so. we have some incentive to hurry up and deploy taproot

**h4sh3d**: Schnorr with batching would be the graal

**lederstrumpf**: > Q4 2021 is my guess

Hmm, if accurate, that makes the decision wrt. whether to design the architecture Schnorr/Taproot or ECDSA centric first harder: both, say, Q2 2021 or Q2 2022 would make the decision pretty clear-cut.

**h4sh3d**: I see, makes sense

**andytoshi**: lol yeah, sorry

**andytoshi**: lederstrumpf: my advice would be to implement stuff using schnorr (e.g. do swaps against signet), and if you somehow run out of work to do, back up and start on ECDSA

**h4sh3d**: For me another thing is that as soon as you have Taproot you don't have any incentive to keep using ECDSA anymore (with SegWit v0 e.g.), so it's work that will be dead in 1-2 years anyway

**andytoshi**: my expectation is that most of the hard work is getting the interaction and coordination working, and the raw crypto is not too bad (for schnorr)

**andytoshi**: and it also won't be -too- bad for ECDSA if you throw const-timeness and other robustness/QA goals out the window

**lederstrumpf**: andytoshi: thanks - agreed

**andytoshi**: which might make sense, if you expect ECDSA to be a transient thing that will mostly only be used by testers and early adopters

**h4sh3d**: how far is the integration in libsecp and rust-secp for Schnorr and Taproot in rust-bitcoin?

**andytoshi**: "any day now" we'll have a release of rust-secp with bip-340 sig support, and of rust-bitcoin with the tagged hashes ... having trouble getting PR review quickly

**andytoshi**: but we don't have code yet for taptrees and computing the actual outputs

**andytoshi**: though we're experimenting with this in rust-miniscript soon (well, our elements fork of rust-miniscript) which should inform the rust-bitcoin library API

**h4sh3d**: libsecp has always been designed "primarily" as a signing library, not exposing to much low level function in its API. Does the Schnorr API of libsecp the same? (e.g. some inverse mod function is not in the API, and that might be useful for building some cross group discrete logarithm proofs)

**h4sh3d**: (here I'm mixing a bit signing algos and curve op, but I hope you get my question)

**h4sh3d**: Any other topics we should discuss before the end of the meeting?

**andytoshi**: h4sh3d: yeah, the schnorrsig API is arguably even more "curated" than the ECDSA one

**andytoshi**: and schnorr itself lets you do a lot less stupid EC tricks

**andytoshi**: if you want to add modules the strategy we currently advocate is to fork the lib and add them to your fork .. which sucks but it'll be a while before we have the developer bandwitdth to come up with something better

**andytoshi**: if you'd like, you can PR to libsecp-zkp for cross-curve stuff and there's a good chance we'll accept it

**h4sh3d**: ok. thanks for the insight, it's along our path in the next few months

**h4sh3d**: I think we can adjourn the meeting here. I don't know if there is a MRL meeting today, but discussion about decoy selection are currently on!

**h4sh3d**: Thanks everyone

**lederstrumpf**: ciao all, thanks!