**h4sh3d**: meeting at 16 UTC today

**h4sh3d**: Hello!

Hi!

**zkao**: hey there

**h4sh3d**: Are some people around?

**kayabaNerve**: Yo

**zkao**: what is up?

**h4sh3d**: Maybe I can start

**h4sh3d**: I've been working on: Taproot+MuSig-Adaptor, Bitcoin RBF, Transactions in general, and on user-storie RFC

**h4sh3d**: For MuSig2 adaptor, jonasnick posted recently this: https://github.com/ElementsProject/scriptless-scripts/blob/ea0a9ea9fbbdfd26f403a84598bcdd92c27a4cc2/md/musig2-adaptorsig.md

**zkao**: yep, this document is really informative

**h4sh3d**: I not done translating the protocol fully with MuSig2 adaptor, but way closer than 1 week ago ;)

**h4sh3d**: For RBF ( Replace By Fee), I started a chapter on the transaction RFC but it's not done yet

**zkao**: its really cool that we can drop that synchronization secret, as recommended by Philipp

**h4sh3d**: yes, it simply the protocol a bit and reduces footprint

**zkao**: nice, you want to mention something more specific about the work you did

**zkao**: otherwise i could talk about what ive been up to

**h4sh3d**: If you can have a read on the user-storie RFC

**h4sh3d**: about the negociation phase, maker/taker stuff

**h4sh3d**: It's fresh work and feedback would be great

**zkao**: yes, i will do, thank you

**h4sh3d**: I'm done

**zkao**: I worked a bunch further on the damons protocol execution runtime. It can also be used to execute other little protocols whose correct execution are critical for safety, such as musig2 :D I was bored of writting spec english and did some coding on this :D

**zkao**: On the other hand I'm strugglign to connect the math on the form of using typed pure functions, with doing real I/O, but I already have a somewhat clear vision on how to go 2/3 of the way in this regards. Have to experiment in these regards to see what is feasible in rust.

**h4sh3d**: as this will be the core execution engine it's good to see that it's moving forward

**lederstrumpf**: yeah, the engine is looking very promising so far!

**zkao**: thx guys :)

**lederstrumpf**: what's best: it seems that we can enforce all the protocol boundaries at compile time via rust's type system

**zkao**: I havent done much work outside of that

**zkao**: we should actually make a reddit community update

**h4sh3d**: I added some stuff on the draft before the meeting

**zkao**: i wanted to break out the architecture RFC in parts, but didnt get to that, sorry

**zkao**: so i guess the community will look at messier documents haha

**zkao**: i have documents that arent in github, have to fix that today

**zkao**: only in hackmd

**lederstrumpf**: we'll beg for forgiveness ;)

**h4sh3d**: I also syncronized the already linked RFCs before the meeting, as I did some changes in the past days

**h4sh3d**: After re-reading the draft for the Reddit update I'm good with what's inside, my work is covered, checks yours

**zkao**: we should add links to the md files on each topic

**zkao**: so that people can check out the work itself

**h4sh3d**: for "Donâ€™t leak that key now!" I think you want to link to an RFC that is not yet published, correct?

**h4sh3d**: the rest is trivial to link I think

**zkao**: yes

**zkao**: im confused what is on github, and what is not

**zkao**: will sort this out now

**h4sh3d**: I can link the section I know

**h4sh3d**: I put the links directly at the beginning, but we can change that. I linked to the github md files.

**h4sh3d**: Is there anyone else that want to share work?

**kayabaNerve**: Nothing here

**zkao**: i pushed to RFC github all the work

**lederstrumpf**: No, I've done work wrt. the protocol engine, but makes more sense to share that once the engine's architecture has stabilized.

**h4sh3d**: zkao: can we easily rename a file already linked to hackmd? jobs.md -> syncer-tasks.md

**h4sh3d**: and we can also remove the global-parameters.md, but this is easier. I'll do in my next PR for updating the diagram images

**h4sh3d**: FYI I'm planning to take some holidays in the following month, but I don't now yet exactly when (as it depends on external event). But part of January will be more quiet on my side

**lederstrumpf**: Aside from a relocation, I'll have fewer other responsibilities starting in January, so I'll be around more then than until now.

**lederstrumpf**: I think that's it from everyone?

**h4sh3d**: that's it for me, I think we can adjourn?

**h4sh3d**: I'll be online next week for a meeting if someone shows up btw

**zkao**: yep, i will work on the community update

**h4sh3d**: if you plan to publish tomorrow ping me here if you need me for a last re-read

**lederstrumpf**: ditto

**h4sh3d**: Ok, thanks everyone for joining! see you

**kayabaNerve**: Adios, everyone! Also happy to help proof read.

**lederstrumpf**: ciao! happy festive days!